Feat: Prepare new release 3.9 (#4793)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

# 3.9.0 / 2021-07-09

### New Features

For end users:
 - Links to Tracim contents. A user can now create a link to other Tracim contents in comments and notes. An autocompletion popup
   will help the user create the link as soon as they type `#` and then a word in the title of the content, or
   its id. The created link will display the title of the document, and will have a specific color showing it is
   an internal link in notes.
 - Tags on contents (notes and files). Tagging is done in the new tab between the area that shows the
   content and the timeline. Tags can be added and removed there. They are per space (spaces have different sets of
   tags). Tags of a space can be listed and managed in the space settings that a user can find in the dashboard.
   Readers cannot add or remove tags to contents or to space. Contributor can add/remove tags to/from contents, but
   cannot manage tags of a space. Space and content managers can manage tags of a space. Contents can be searched
   by tags when the advanced search feature is enabled.
 - Revamped app appearance (size and headers). Formerly, apps showing notes, topics and files didn't take the whole

>    space vertically and horizontally. They also had both a header and a toolbar. The header had a distinctive color.
>    The space and screen estate is now better used. Apps now take as much space as possible, both vertically and
>    horizontally, to put the focus on the content.

Author: ```suggestion
   space vertically and horizontally. They also had both a header and a toolbar.
   The space and screen estate is now better used. Apps now take as much space as possible, both vertically and
   horizontally, and the header and the toolbar have been merged to put the focus on the content. 
```

# 3.9.0 / 2021-07-09

### New Features

For end users:

>  - Internal links. Contents a user can access can be linked to in comments and notes. An autocompletion popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Links to Tracim contents. A user can now create a link to other Tracim contents in comments and notes. An autocompletion popup
```

   will help the user create the link as soon as they type `#` and then a word in the title of the content, or
   its id. The created link will display the title of the document, and will have a specific color showing it is
   an internal link in notes.
 - Tags on contents (notes and files). Tagging is done in the new tab between the area that shows the
   content and the timeline. Tags can be added and removed there. They are per space (spaces have different sets of

>    tags). Tags of aspace can be listed and managed in the space settings accessed from the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   tags). Tags of a space can be listed and managed in the space settings accessed from the dashboard.
```

>    tags). Tags of aspace can be listed and managed in the space settings accessed from the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   tags). Tags of a space can be listed and managed in the space settings that a user can find in the dashboard.
```

   Readers cannot add or remove tags to contents or to space. Contributor can add/remove tags to/from contents, but
   cannot manage tags of a space. Space and content managers can manage tags of a space. Contents can be searched
   by tags when the advanced search feature is enabled.
 - Revamped app appearance (size and headers). Formerly, apps showing notes, topics and files didn't take the whole
   space vertically and horizontally. They also had both a header and a toolbar. The header had a distinctive color.
   The space and screen estate is now better used. Apps now take as much space as possible, both vertically and

>    horizontally, to put the focus on the content. The header and the toolbar have been merged and the specific color
>    in the header is now only used for the icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   horizontally, to put the focus on the content.
```
Just a suggestion, you can resolve if you don't want to apply: I wouldn't put that phrase. Color is also present on buttons, on the timeline...

Author: it is present at those places indeed, but the sentence is about the header only. I hesitated too.

>  - The valitity time of password reset link is given in the reset password email sent when users forget their passwords

Author: ```suggestion
 - The valitity time of the password reset link is given in the reset password email sent when users forget their passwords
```

>  - The autocompletion popup for mentions (and now, for links) is now correctly positionned even when the text being

Author: ```suggestion
 - The autocompletion popup for mentions (and now, for links) is now correctly positioned even when the text being
```

   edited is scrolled.

For administrators:
 - More robust previews. Some office documents take a lot of time and resources to preview. There is now a timeout for

>    previews of documents generated using LibreOffice to limit issues that can arise from this problem. For this reason,
>    Previews of spreadsheets are now disabled by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   previews of documents generated using LibreOffice to limit issues that can arise from this problem. For this reason,
   previews of spreadsheets are now disabled by default.
```

>  - Easier database creation (feature for administrators): when creating a database with `tracimcli db init`,
>    the command now automatically stamps `head`, which, until now, required to run a dedicated command. It is now
>    a bit easier to install a new database when installing Tracim.
>  - Migration to MinIO (feature for administrators). Instances using standard storage can now be easily be migrated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Easier database creation: when creating a database with `tracimcli db init`,
   the command now automatically stamps `head`, which, until now, required to run a dedicated command. It is now
   a bit easier to install a new database when installing Tracim.
 - Migration to MinIO. Instances using standard storage can now be easily be migrated
```

All the features in this section are for administrators.
